Clean up formatting in tournament articles (#5861)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/CFB/5/en.md

![CFB5 logo](img/logo.jpg)

> The **Catch French Beginner 5** (***CFB5***) was a beginner French double-elimination 1v1 osu!catch tournament hosted by ![][flag_FR] [YANOO123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5122949). Only players ranked between #2,500 and below can participate. This was the fifth instalment of the Catch French Beginner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Catch French Beginner 5** (***CFB5***) was a beginner French double-elimination 1v1 osu!catch tournament hosted by ![][flag_FR] [YANOO123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5122949). Only players ranked between #2,500 and below were eligible to participate. This was the fifth instalment of the Catch French Beginner.
```

Consistent past tense
